you must have often read or heard about
road safety but have you ever witnessed
a life-sized reminder to follow it
we at ICICI Lombard took to the streets
during the National Road Safety Week
from Levin Jan 2:17 Jan 2020 by
installing life-sized helmets in Mumbai
and Pune understanding the gravity of
traveling safely we wish to spread
awareness about wearing a helmet for
both the rider and the pillion this
activity garnered a positive and
encouraging response children it's a
great initiative I never knew pillion
riders were required to wear a helmet
and quite a few accidents can be
prevented by doing so we hope to achieve
and spread awareness about safer roads
for everyone with our initiatives in the
years to come
[Music]